Add Go snippets for file attachments (#204)
xataio/mdx-docs: 040-SDK/150-file-attachments.mdx

> The `base64Content` and ` signedUrl` will only be returned when requested explicitly. They are not included by default when requesting all fields using wildcard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields `base64Content` and `signedUrl` within the `photo` object are retrieved only when they are explicitly specified in the request. If you use a wildcard to request all fields of the photo object, these specific fields will not be included automatically. You must list them individually to receive their data.
```

})
```

```go
searchClient, _ := xata.NewSearchAndFilterClient()
records, _ := searchClient.Query(context.TODO(), xata.QueryTableRequest{
  TableName: "Users",
  Payload: xata.QueryTableRequestPayload{
    Columns: []string{"name", "photo.base64Content", "photo.signedUrl", "photo.*"},

>     // Nested filters currently are not support yet in xata-go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Nested filters are currently not supported in xata-go
```
